Hello and welcome
dear skyrim friends my name serious
and today there is a video on the subject
beautiful armor in heaven's edge and me
I recently announced that I
something like a top ten of mine
wanted to make personal armor and
now it is only one for today
top 3 in july 2013 so that became
are 3 armor I currently use
maybe the last one
videos were seen and after which
simply many people have asked yes
follow the armor here which is found
currently still on the scale exons
front side that was with me ever
also to see screenshots before that
all a bit more known
is and this is the noris girl armor
this is a ump variant and viruses the
can see pretty well
that's a kind of chain shirt with that
a few details enriched and decorated
is relative
how can I say she is now
nothing went
yes, she does not show much skin
but she is very very physical
but somehow it still feels good to me
fallen because it is a whole
I've got an independent look here
a bit in line with the problem that
my character is just following the hair
wears in front and that through it
this fur collar she goes through what's mine
personally then not very good
So it is more suitable for one
character of the hair backwards
We can wear here once
see you pretty well
that consists of rose top part this
Fur collar gloves and so on and on
so on that can be everything
individually forge so when I give her the
fur collar take away
then that fits with the hair too
better and I have her as an example
small detail then the witch
umulett umgehängt what also very much
the effect is also good
back is very tight
I thought I'll give you that
such a picture and overall a very
nice armor because it somehow
very harmonious, I think yes then
I opted for today's video for
a completely different version decided
which in turn shows a lot of skin
and that's an armor too
a bit longer on the market, the
is the vig poor legs and they exist
for cb and ump so
You will find the company I think
the whole also has a very own
look that's why I have that too
chosen because it is so yes
colorful it has so these metal plates
with the turn then at the new emb
extremely reflect and it is somehow that way
a very nice mix between
somehow yes no idea newfangled
armor that is no armor, though
then somehow very well again
the third armor comes to validity
I will address today
after that, most of them have it
people asked and that is the
Funnily, it has a pretty German
Names this is the iron plate armor
ump and cbi can do it both times
and they are relatively many
Variants here we see them once in
black and white and then there's that
Whole always so I say now
to give a girl a script
or with such sides plates and
of course there are boots
gloves and so on and so forth
if you have the variant here with the skate
you can see
the good line is here from above now
down to a very slim as well
Light armor packed with the very
many ornaments is simply decorated
yes at the forge here we can completely
beautiful the individual elements of the iron
see armor and in which details is
that just gives up here with this scared
variants light variations with these
side plates and so on and so forth
you can do it easily
forge as well as most armor
which you have to download via mod
Of course, just pay attention if now
For example, a Danish armor load
this also in your forge skill
You are so far, so far, that you are like that too
could forge so now i have her
the something so easily dressed
Variant dressed and chamomile or
camel the camel
although that might also fit
I will now this one here
miss all armor because she has the
yes in the last two videos to her
own person actually such a
little
who made the wrong now famous
word they have been around longer us has
also many thumbs up already
also get the scales nexus page
but that's how most of them came
ask me for something lately
I'm using it for armor
Of course you can partially
still quite combine with
the one or the other sword or already
sometimes with a cape or sometimes with
a trailer or what I know
Overall, I find armor yes
maybe not 50 percent to one
but at least 30 years old
up to 40 percent like such a character
he is thinking about making armor
out and that is here now
Variant the whole thing as one piece
far into such a final fantasy corner
maybe move
yes, they are just like that
standard skyrim armor of this
north look and so deviate
but you should also do that in this case
because I want to completely with these videos
just a little something
show others or what is feasible what
it is possible that is also on the
one or the other screenshot right
really good if you are so up
original rough armor stands then
Of course, there are enough for
on skyrim nexus or other websites
to find
yes, I just think about it again
a little bit about what I mean with the
armor will make in the near future time
maybe I'll just show you too
Let's have a video on skyrim nexus
maybe find a nice armor
I hope you liked the video
I'll definitely say that at this point
with the last ten quite hearty
Thanks for watching until next time
and skin in